not just the hdblog group news
of the main smartphone crimes spy j
let's see the esperia tablet
tablet s the name is pretty much it
same to do it last year with more or
less the same line but a hardware
new a lower thickness is a line
certainly original and very pleasant
left side we find the connector for
Headphones A detail is almost a
hitch connector for the micro sd for
the for the sd excuses normal then
truly rare classic on a tablet
on the other side ignition and volume
compared to last year's it
thickness is lower than the fold at
folding is different and does not take up space
useless like last year
ice cream sandwich and of course we are
grateful live front camera and tegra 3
and with a processor
at the rear the camera that is
covered by the ancient that it takes
at the software level we find practically
the same customizations that
we found on the xperia range who you
we saw in the previous video with
lots of options and applications for the
multimedia management and management of
all the programs as we see the
system moves very well we don't have
big problems in saying that
We really started functions
ravenna and all empty in the part
lower we find the possibility of
manage sony tv through
remote control application e
integrated and that is the atlas pop up fruit
within the interface rose
also you can manage
through this key in the fair ur and all
a series of floating applications that
allow us to manage write notes
a whole series of
calculations is a whole series of operations
easy and intuitive always within reach
hand because this option is present in
in fact all applications remain
in the lower part very pretty
ability to manage images
through a very gallery
performing as we really are
lots of hundreds of photos that come
loaded extremely fast but
it's very pleasant
the fact that with a slight pinch
we manage to have more management
less big than all the up thumbnails
to arrive
the only photo and go to dubai is that
that the photo was not very little
particularly in high definition though
we can safely manage the
our friends
the possibility remains of managing the
images already paid on the maps with
in the map and all the photos we have
the world should also be able to manage
it's very pretty because the clouds one
once the zoom is greater they disappear
with this look very funny
because scene
album
I saw shoot music albums then
the music part is also managed this is
a very good way different from the
last year's model with the
ability to listen to music through
the back boxes with a great one
level sound level so the
audio power is not exaggerated but the
quality is very this
in the options and then possible to go to
see a whole series of
settings that allow us to
share music to others
dlna tv speakers all sorts of
settings regarding the
legalization of three selected or from
customize and the same thing for how much
regards the management of video films
which can be managed through
the integrated application we go to
see a video
display is a full hd hd but anyway
very resolute and it definitely shows
good with regards to the widget part
there are various more custom widgets
all the classic experience widgets
I will go to the text in the simple at the level of
system memory we have seen how it is
present the normal sd but lived on
16 gigabyte tablet of which about ten
about available recreated are more or
less occupied by the system
in short, it turned out to be the store
point 0.3 will still be arriving with the
40.4 upgradeable to the right a simple
last thing we go to see a game
that we have in the menus
obviously thd games in part simon
tegra 3 allows you to take advantage of the
potential and everyday both a
earth that not on the tablet in a manner
definitely appreciate this is a
a title that we don't know much about
we have been using it for a few minutes in the
charge I make
the surround is very good because it has
a stereo sound effect here we go
to see our environment we can
try to get out
Bersani gather their own hands
very simple but let's see what we can
do
leave the game performance gaming
none is maximum for us but also sees
the browser
the connection should be active
nice custom keyboard
obviously the game performance does not
maximum san because we don't know how to play
very good but thanks for sure is definitely
a crowd of platforms for what
concerns the chemical web browsing
you find it pleasant even in the
display rotations we have no
kind of problem reading is a lot
good zoom works without problems
even the prince
we see has no kind of
slowdown
we can go and see all the
news of fa
yes I would say quite well in hand is a 10
inches is not among the heaviest in
another lighter though
to be a 10 inch it has no weight
excessive that weighs down precisely the
utilization
obviously the support with
base sony has also provided for
enclosures with integrated keyboard
the keys are practically very fine
because I'm under pressure and I 'm not
singles that can be exploited
to manage me the tablet and all the
functions not only by the director of
hdblog with the premier al